com/designmyfeed/app/util/GetFileInfo.java
 com.designmyfeed.app.util.GetFileInfo
com/designmyfeed/app/widget/SlidingTabStrip.java
 com.designmyfeed.app.widget.SlidingTabStrip
 com.designmyfeed.app.widget.SlidingTabStrip$1
 com.designmyfeed.app.widget.SlidingTabStrip$SimpleTabColorizer
com/designmyfeed/app/Config.java
 com.designmyfeed.app.Config
com/designmyfeed/app/activity/Share_activity.java
 com.designmyfeed.app.activity.Share_activity
 com.designmyfeed.app.activity.Share_activity$1
 com.designmyfeed.app.activity.Share_activity$2
 com.designmyfeed.app.activity.Share_activity$3
com/designmyfeed/app/util/ThemeUtils.java
 com.designmyfeed.app.util.ThemeUtils
com/designmyfeed/app/adapter/NavigationAdapter.java
 com.designmyfeed.app.adapter.NavigationAdapter
com/designmyfeed/app/drawer/menu/Action.java
 com.designmyfeed.app.drawer.menu.Action
com/designmyfeed/app/widget/webview/WebToAppChromeClient.java
 com.designmyfeed.app.widget.webview.WebToAppChromeClient
com/designmyfeed/app/widget/SwipeableViewPager.java
 com.designmyfeed.app.widget.SwipeableViewPager
com/designmyfeed/app/drawer/menu/SimpleMenu.java
 com.designmyfeed.app.drawer.menu.SimpleMenu
com/designmyfeed/app/widget/SlidingTabLayout.java
 com.designmyfeed.app.widget.SlidingTabLayout
 com.designmyfeed.app.widget.SlidingTabLayout$1
 com.designmyfeed.app.widget.SlidingTabLayout$InternalViewPagerListener
 com.designmyfeed.app.widget.SlidingTabLayout$TabClickListener
 com.designmyfeed.app.widget.SlidingTabLayout$TabColorizer
com/designmyfeed/app/adapter/CacheFragmentStatePagerAdapter.java
 com.designmyfeed.app.adapter.CacheFragmentStatePagerAdapter
com/designmyfeed/app/widget/webview/WebToAppWebClient.java
 com.designmyfeed.app.widget.webview.WebToAppWebClient
 com.designmyfeed.app.widget.webview.WebToAppWebClient$1
 com.designmyfeed.app.widget.webview.WebToAppWebClient$2
com/designmyfeed/app/BuildConfig.java
 com.designmyfeed.app.BuildConfig
com/designmyfeed/app/widget/AdvancedWebView.java
 com.designmyfeed.app.widget.AdvancedWebView
 com.designmyfeed.app.widget.AdvancedWebView$1
 com.designmyfeed.app.widget.AdvancedWebView$2
 com.designmyfeed.app.widget.AdvancedWebView$3
 com.designmyfeed.app.widget.AdvancedWebView$Browsers
 com.designmyfeed.app.widget.AdvancedWebView$Listener
 com.designmyfeed.app.widget.AdvancedWebView$ScrollInterface
com/designmyfeed/app/drawer/menu/SimpleSubMenu.java
 com.designmyfeed.app.drawer.menu.SimpleSubMenu
com/designmyfeed/app/drawer/menu/SimpleAbstractMenu.java
 com.designmyfeed.app.drawer.menu.SimpleAbstractMenu
 com.designmyfeed.app.drawer.menu.SimpleAbstractMenu$1
com/designmyfeed/app/widget/scrollable/ToolbarWebViewScrollListener.java
 com.designmyfeed.app.widget.scrollable.ToolbarWebViewScrollListener
com/designmyfeed/app/fragment/WebFragment.java
 com.designmyfeed.app.fragment.WebFragment
 com.designmyfeed.app.fragment.WebFragment$1
 com.designmyfeed.app.fragment.WebFragment$2
 com.designmyfeed.app.fragment.WebFragment$3
com/designmyfeed/app/App.java
 com.designmyfeed.app.App
 com.designmyfeed.app.App$1
 com.designmyfeed.app.App$NotificationHandler
com/designmyfeed/app/activity/Connectivity_check.java
 com.designmyfeed.app.activity.Connectivity_check
 com.designmyfeed.app.activity.Connectivity_check$1
com/designmyfeed/app/drawer/menu/MenuItemCallback.java
 com.designmyfeed.app.drawer.menu.MenuItemCallback
com/designmyfeed/app/activity/MainActivity.java
 com.designmyfeed.app.activity.MainActivity
 com.designmyfeed.app.activity.MainActivity$1
 com.designmyfeed.app.activity.MainActivity$2
 com.designmyfeed.app.activity.MainActivity$3
 com.designmyfeed.app.activity.MainActivity$4
 com.designmyfeed.app.activity.MainActivity$5
 com.designmyfeed.app.activity.MainActivity$6
 com.designmyfeed.app.activity.MainActivity$7
 com.designmyfeed.app.activity.MainActivity$NetworkChangeReceiver
